Personal Expense and Budget Tracker/Expense_Tracker v0.5/README.md, before:

# About Expense Tracker v0.5

You can keep track of all your expenses and compare the amounts of the expenses.
And the good part is that it's very simple to use and you can add/manage expenses with very little effort.

## Copy paste this to run the program
*python main.py*


## 📁 Project Structure
```+---PROJECTS            
    +---Personal Expense and Budget Tracker
        ª   Expense_Tracker v0.1.py
        ª   Expense_Tracker v0.2.py
        ª   Expense_Tracker v0.3.py
        ª   Expense_Tracker v0.4.py
        ª   README.md   
        +---Expense_Tracker v0.5
            ª   main.py
            ª   README.md  
            +---database
            ª   ª   entry_handler.py
            +---ui
            ª   ª   add_expense.py
            ª   ª   delete_column.py
            ª   ª   delete_row.py
            ª   ª   display_graph.py
            ª   ª   edit_entry.py
            ª   ª   show_total.py          
            +---utils
                ª   destroyer.py
                ª   file_manager.py
                ª   validator.py
```

## Features:-
1. Add a category
2. Edit a category
3. Delete a row/category
4. Delete the values of a column
5. Display expenses in graph
6. Show total

Commit message:

Refine features section in README.md
Updated the features section and added a note about future releases.

Personal Expense and Budget Tracker/Expense_Tracker v0.5/README.md, after:

# About Expense Tracker v0.5

You can keep track of all your expenses and compare the amounts of the expenses.
And the good part is that it's very simple to use and you can add/manage expenses with very little effort.

## Copy paste this to run the program
*python main.py*


## 📁 Project Structure
```+---PROJECTS            
    +---Personal Expense and Budget Tracker
        ª   Expense_Tracker v0.1.py
        ª   Expense_Tracker v0.2.py
        ª   Expense_Tracker v0.3.py
        ª   Expense_Tracker v0.4.py
        ª   README.md   
        +---Expense_Tracker v0.5
            ª   main.py
            ª   README.md  
            +---database
            ª   ª   entry_handler.py
            +---ui
            ª   ª   add_expense.py
            ª   ª   delete_column.py
            ª   ª   delete_row.py
            ª   ª   display_graph.py
            ª   ª   edit_entry.py
            ª   ª   show_total.py          
            +---utils
                ª   destroyer.py
                ª   file_manager.py
                ª   validator.py
```

## Features
1. Add a category
2. Edit a category
3. Delete a row/category
4. Delete the values of a column
5. Display expenses in graph
6. Show total

[!NOTE]
Some new features like data encryption and others are expected to be released in future.
